README.md, before:

# cli_kit

![Rust](https://github.com/JesterOrNot/cli_kit/workflows/Rust/badge.svg)
[![Gitpod Ready-to-Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitpod-Ready--to--Code-blue?logo=gitpod)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/JesterOrNot/CliKit) 
![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/cli_kit)
[![Pull Requests Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](http://makeapullrequest.com)
[![Run on Repl.it](https://repl.it/badge/github/JesterOrNot/cli_kit)](https://repl.it/github/JesterOrNot/cli_kit)
![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/JesterOrNot/cli_kit)

One stop shop for building a next gen terminal application

This is a **heavy work in progress** APIs can and **will** change

## Contributing

Run it in `Gitpod` it has all the tools you will need to run and contribute to this project!

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/JesterOrNot/cli_kit)

While we highly suggest that you use Gitpod I realize not everyone can use the command line so here is a alternative: `repl.it`

[![Run on Repl.it](https://repl.it/badge/github/JesterOrNot/cli_kit)](https://repl.it/github/JesterOrNot/cli_kit)

Commit message:

Add usage section to README.md :books:

README.md, after:

# cli_kit

![Rust](https://github.com/JesterOrNot/cli_kit/workflows/Rust/badge.svg)
[![Gitpod Ready-to-Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitpod-Ready--to--Code-blue?logo=gitpod)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/JesterOrNot/CliKit) 
![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/cli_kit)
[![Pull Requests Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](http://makeapullrequest.com)
[![Run on Repl.it](https://repl.it/badge/github/JesterOrNot/cli_kit)](https://repl.it/github/JesterOrNot/cli_kit)
![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/JesterOrNot/cli_kit)

One stop shop for building a next gen terminal application

This is a **heavy work in progress** APIs can and **will** change

## Usage
To add this library to your project add the following to the dependencies section in your `Cargo.toml` file
```TOML
cli_kit = "0.1.1"
```
## Contributing

Run it in `Gitpod` it has all the tools you will need to run and contribute to this project!

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/JesterOrNot/cli_kit)

While we highly suggest that you use Gitpod I realize not everyone can use the command line so here is a alternative: `repl.it`

[![Run on Repl.it](https://repl.it/badge/github/JesterOrNot/cli_kit)](https://repl.it/github/JesterOrNot/cli_kit)
